custom attributes for the like filter (#156)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/AddressSearch/README.md

| typeName | string | Feature type to search for by name. |
| xmlns | string | XML namespace to use in search. |
| fieldName | string? | Name of the type's field to search in. Mutually exclusive to `patterns`. |

> | likeFilterAttributes | Record<string, string>? | As specified by the [OGC-Standard for filters](https://schemas.opengis.net/filter/) the PropertyIsLike operator requires three attributes (e.g. in WFS 2.0.0: wildCard, singleChar and escapeChar). But these may vary in value and (with other WFS verions) also in property definition. Therefore it is here possible to configure the values of the attributes needed for WFS 2.0.0 and also to add custom attributes needed for other versions. The default is `{wildCard: "\*",singleChar: ".",escapeChar: "!"}`. Configuration examples: WFS 2.0.0 `{wildCard: "%",singleChar: "\*",escapeChar: "\"}`; WFS 1.0.0 `{wildCard: "\%",singleChar: "*",escape: "\"}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| likeFilterAttributes | Record<string, string>? | As specified by the [OGC-Standard for filters](https://schemas.opengis.net/filter/) the `PropertyIsLike` operator requires three attributes (e.g. in WFS 2.0.0: `wildCard`, `singleChar` and `escapeChar`). These may vary in value and (with other WFS versions) also in property definition. Therefore, it is possible to configure the values of the attributes needed for WFS 2.0.0 and also to add custom attributes needed for other versions. Defaults to `{wildCard: "\*", singleChar: ".", escapeChar: "!"}`. |
```
I suggest adding the examples below the table for enhanced readability.

| patterns | string[]? | Allows specifying input patterns. In a single-field search, a pattern can be as easy as `{{theWholeThing}}`, where `theWholeThing` is also the feature field name to search in. In more complex scenarios, you may add separators and multiple fields, e.g. `{{gemarkung}} {{flur}} {{flstnrzae}}/{{flstnrnen}}` would fit many parcel search services. Mutually exclusive to `fieldName`. |
| patternKeys | Record<string, string>? | Maps field names from patterns to regexes. Each field name has to have a definition. Each regex must have one capture group that is used to search. Contents next to it are ignored for the search and just used for matching. E.g. `'([0-9]+)$'` would be a value for a key that fits an arbitrary number string at the input's end. |
| srsName | string? | Name of the projection (srs) for the query. |

> | likeFilterAttributes | Record<string, string>? | Key/value pairs that are mapped to custom attributes of the isLike operators used in filters. The default is {wildCard: "\*",singleChar: ".",escapeChar: "!"} which results in <ogc:PropertyIsLike wildCard="*" singleChar="." escapeChar="!"> |

Reviewer: As mentioned in the comment in `packages/lib/getFeatures/wfs/buildWfsFilter.ts`, the key words may vary.
I think this should be reflected here as well.

Also, it should be written that all three parameters have to be defined on the object.

Also also, I've added a [new ADR](https://github.com/Dataport/polar/wiki/Architecture-Decision-Records-%F0%9F%93%83#2024-08-05-configuration-parameters-in-tables-have-to-be-ordered-by-a-required-and-b-alphabetically) regarding the order of parameters in the documentation.

Author: > As mentioned in the comment in packages/lib/getFeatures/wfs/buildWfsFilter.ts, the key words may vary.
I think this should be reflected here as well.

It is mentioned here: "**Key**/**value** pairs are mapped to custom attributes". So the key and the value is mapped.

> Also, it should be written that all three parameters have to be defined on the object.

You don't have to define all three parameters.

> Also also, I've added a [new ADR](https://github.com/Dataport/polar/wiki/Architecture-Decision-Records-%F0%9F%93%83#2024-08-05-configuration-parameters-in-tables-have-to-be-ordered-by-a-required-and-b-alphabetically) regarding the order of parameters in the documentation.

I will adjust it.

Reviewer: 📞 ✔️
